welcome to certified jewelry up for
auction today is this absolutely
stunning incredibly rare untreated
near-flawless 2.63 karat fancy yellow
diamond engagement ring it features a
big 1.5 eight carat octagonal shape
radiant-cut 100% natural certified
diamond that is set in two solid 18
karat white and yellow gold the
beautiful diamond offers near flawless
BVS to clarity with the most
sought-after exotic vivid fancy yellow
color this diamond offers incredible
brilliance flash Sparkle and fire as you
can clearly see here in this video the
jaw-dropping ring is also set with 64
perfectly clear and completely eye clean
natural accent diamonds that total 1.05
carats the clarity of these diamonds are
vs 1 2 s I won with colorless to near
colorless f2g color also offering
outstanding brilliance flash Sparkle and
fire the beauty is guaranteed authentic
with a 100% natural certified vbs2
clarity diamond it has been
professionally tested certified cleaned
and polished and is an absolute mint
condition the world-class one-of-a-kind
ring comes to us from a new consignor
who must sell a lifetime fine jewelry
collection in order to save their home
the exceptional collection is appraised
at over 1 million dollars spanning over
30 years of collecting featuring some of
the rarest and most exclusive
world-class jewelry we have ever seen
due to difficult personal and financial
times or consignor contracted with us to
offer the collection here on eBay in
today's market this ring is easily worth
over $38,000 retail and our consignor is
hopeful to recover at least twenty eight
thousand four hundred dollars so please
make your best bid our gemologist
checked and verified every aspect of the
ring and confirmed that it is an
authentic near-flawless untreated
natural fancy color diamond that is set
in two solid 18 karat white and yellow
gold included with the item is a
certified jewelry certification that
documents the authenticity quality and
characteristics of the ring with an
estimated insurance replacement value of
thirty eight thousand nine hundred and
eighty-two dollars it is truly a fine
example of an extremely rare top-quality
diamond engagement ring the beauty is
going to be auctioned off on eBay at $1
no reserve due to the urgency and
timeframe our consignor needs to sell
this asset untreated near flawless
diamonds are considered among the rarest
of diamonds even more rare is to have
both the near flawless of BVS to clarity
and the most sought-after exotic fancy
yellow color it is the best and only big
sized top-quality fancy color diamond
ring you'll find auctioned at $1 no
reserve this is the real deal so don't
miss out on your chance to own this
prized uh vintage treasure to meet our
consignor and to learn more about how
the collection came to us please view
the next video below certified jewelry
offers white-glove service which
includes free sizing and free same-day
shipping we are so confident that you'll
be absolutely delighted with your
purchase that we insist on paying for
the return shipping if you choose to
send it back good luck and happy bidding